to begin the subdue look put her hair in
a ponytail smooth out the ponytail
paddle brush a round powder brush is
easiest for cleaning up anything
keeping work smoothly take a rat so calm
make square sections with the ponytail
to work with from there smooth out your
ponytail with your paddle brush keeping
your work nice and clean and smooth
makes it easy to make a great Abdulla
so after saluting you're going to want
to do a knot effect and you're going to
take your fingers over pinch it pull it
through but being gentle push it up a
little bit
pin it out of the way because we're
going to be doing them to other sections
take a 3-inch bobby pin pin it up now
swim again work nice and smooth take
your phone into another section keep it
a nice and smooth
smooth it out it's only going to help
you wrap your fingers around it two
fingers pull through and pin up again I
will show you this again don't worry
smooth out your head the rest of your
hair with your paddle brush keeping the
work nice and clean once again now take
another section and take your index
finger and your middle finger wrap it
around push it through grab this section
and gently pull your fingers through
pinning the pin those up to keep them
out of your way we're going to come to
those in a second now smoothly no the
last section of your hair we're going to
be doing the suppor sections so wrap
your fingers around grab it
pull it through don't disturb the knot
so be gentle and from here with the
night you can basically do anything it's
very mobile you can move it push it up a
little pull it down tighten it and you
can do whatever now that we have those
grab them put a three inch a bobby pin
over the section push then secure it and
we're just going to flip the hair
underneath the bobby pin
so the bobby pin is going to come in
over that hair once it cured hold the
hair up and you're going to take your
rat tooth comb your rat tail comb and
you're going to set it in there and take
a bobby pin and mimics
the hold of your rat tail comb and you
can lift up a little bit and give it
really some good push and use your pins
to mimic the hold of your rat tail comb
you can really move or not you can
really push it up and really secure it
bobby pins and if you have your bobby
pin from your previous ponytail you can
just push it up and to get any sections
that may fall just use a pen to guide
the hair but don't go too deep into it
and keep your pins pinning and pretty
straight